what's up Nintendo game is decayed here
with another Hyrule warriors update so
through the Japanese gaming magazine
famitsu we have another character reveal
that's none other than five from The
Legend of Zelda Skyward Sword Link and
Zelda both get new weapons too and we
see link has his ball and chain from
Twilight Princess and Zelda appears to
have a completely brand new weapon that
looks kind of like a staff also there
will be DLC costumes for both Link and
Zelda based off their Skyward Sword
appearances and with the help of fan
translations we get confirmation that
Ghirahim and the imprisoned will be
bosses so guys with that that is the
news let's get into my thoughts about
everything presented here Wow fie like
fly is going to be playable in Hyrule
warriors that is awesome like that is
extremely awesome and she's kind of a
weird character because we know she has
no arms she just has kind of this like
cloak she has that represents her arms
but they're still not arms so it's going
to be interesting to see her move set
and I cannot wait for them to reveal
that so this is the only playable
character right now so those who want
grüße or any other characters we have no
idea if they're going to be in the game
but i'm also very glad that the Skyward
Sword versions of Zelda and link are
going to be DLC because those are some
very cool designs especially Zelda you
know she looks so cute in her Skyward
Sword version of herself and Ghirahim
and the in prison being bosses is
awesome the only thing I would say is
the in prison it's pretty much not going
to be playable if there is some type of
thing in
dynasty warriors games that I've heard
dynasty warriors fan said it's called
like dream mode where you get to play as
bosses or characters that you wouldn't
be able to play as in a main story I
don't think the prison will be playable
since he's so huge and but Gary him
definitely if if there is this dream
mode that they have he'll definitely be
playable because he's up to size for a
playable character than prison no but
hopefully demise is going to be in here
someway somehow because he's just a cool
character I mean that's like the that's
the D like original version of Ganondorf
and to be honest I'm not really seeing
um seeing demise and then looking at
Ganondorf I would not be intimidated by
Ganondorf compared to demise demise Wow
demise looks like a freaking demon like
he will rip your head off with his with
his teeth like he will kill you that's
what he looks like but I'm glad about
this news again phy interesting choice I
mean a lot of people expect this because
they kind of teased it using like kind
of the things she say in the game saying
there's a ninety-eight percent
probability that a new character will be
revealed and that's something that if i
would say in Skyward Sword so a lot of
people kind of predicted this but it's
nice to see because she is a strange
choice just because she doesn't have
arms so I wonder what she'll fight like
will she use the goddess sword or
something because she is the master
sword if you guys didn't know Phi is the
kind of like the spirit that inhabits
the master sir she also I believe she
resides in it so it would be cool if she
actually has a master sword or turns
into it um but for now all I can see her
doing really is just attacking where
feet
which would be interesting in itself so
definitely definitely excited link
having the ball and chain from twilight
princess I completely call that I was on
gamefaqs and someone was axing you know
what what do other people think links
other weapons will be and I was like the
second post I was like probably the ball
and change from twilight princess some
people thought nah he probably wouldn't
use that but yes he's using that but it
also looks like it kind of gotten
revamped the ball and chain because it
looks like he has like these like
metallic armored fists or gloves to hold
it which he didn't have I believe in
Twilight Princess so they definitely
added talk to it to make it more of a
ficient weapon so that's nice to see but
yet ball and chain I wonder how it's
going to work I can't wait to see these
demonstration trailers they've been
given out for both i and these new
weapons and zelda is completely up in
air with her weapon like i have no idea
what it is some speculate it's something
from from a winwaker but i have no idea
maybe you guys do it's like this giant
staff and people have been saying since
this image is so small and that's not my
fault i'm sorry that's what I'm into I
don't even know why I release the image
that small but people say like once you
use it there's like music lines like
magic music lines that appear something
like that I have no idea the image is
just simply too small but it also looks
like they're on sky lofts so skyloft
might be a stage in here which will be
pretty awesome and it also looks like
there's going to be maybe far on forest
I really can't think of the names of the
locations in Skyward Sword right now
but it looks like we're getting some
locations from Skyward Sword nonetheless
so that's really that's really
interesting and that's really cool to in
itself so I really have not much to say
because this image is so small and we
really can't identify much so yeah I'm
definitely looking forward to the
screens that they're going to release
very soon probably within this week most
likely so when they do definitely stay
tuned because i'll have that update up
for you guys and probably going get into
detail in a little bit of analysis on
those screens too so guys with that
that's the update i'll have more updates
on high rewards as more things are
revealed don't forget to Like comment
favorite and subscribe to my channel for
more hybrid warriors updates like this
and also updates on other upcoming then
to know games now you guys for watching
and I'll see you guys next time